hey everybody yesterday I posted a video
where George pig and Peppa Pig found the
biggest shopkin they'd ever seen it was
so big that a broke the conveyor belt
checkout stand so today I'm gonna show
you how to make that shopkin and we used
everybody's favorite molding compound
play-doh the shopkins that we use is
called licorice who's from the sweet
treats team to make this shopkin we're
gonna need black play-doh green play-doh
pink play-doh and yellow play-doh Plus
and to make the top yellow part of the
shopkin that we're gonna use the
frosting decorator and don't forget to
use your safe pink plastic play-doh
knife and the rolling pin we're going to
make three different layers of play-doh
the first layer is green so take some
green play-doh and put it in a ball and
then mash it down then mold the size and
form a square shape
and by the end you should have a nice
flat square like this now let's make the
feet take a small ball of green play-doh
now flatten it down and lengthen it then
cut between one end to form the feet now
attach it to the bottom of the green
square we're now going to make the black
layer to do this we used sparkly black
play-doh form the black layer into a
square just like we formed the green
square place the black square on top of
the green square and then weld the sides
to have them match to each other now
we're ready for the pink play-doh the
pink play-doh will be formed in the same
way as the black and the green play-doh
to make the square this time we're going
to use a rolling pin to show you how to
flatten it
place the pink square on top of the
black and green squares now it looks a
little bit taller so we're gonna have to
not only mash it down but also match the
sides all right we're almost there
we just have to add the eyes the mouth
and the top to form the eyes take a very
small piece of black play-doh and then
roll it out into a small line cut this
into several pieces which we'll use for
the eyes the eyelashes and the mouth
this licorice shopkin is sleeping so
when adding the eyes put them in a
u-shape which makes it look like that
their eyes are closed this may take a
while but just use very small pieces of
black play-doh for the eyelashes in the
mouth and then a very very small piece
of pink play-doh
for the tongue now we're going to use
play-doh Plus which is a softer sweeter
smelling play-doh insert the play-doh
into the frosting decorator
now little on the top but not too much
makes for a nice blob of frosting and
we're done the shopkins was so realistic
that I almost confused it with the real
one if you like shopkins and enjoyed
this video then please click like also
let me know in the comments which
shopkins I should make next click on the
Play Doh shopkin now to see Peppa Pig
and George try and handle this large
shopkin hey thanks for watching
toysreviewtoys don't forget to like this
video and click on top to subscribe and
then click on a picture to watch another
fun video